Add warning to settings and multi search API reference (#2370)
meilisearch/documentation: reference/api/settings.mdx

<CodeSamples id="update_settings_1" />

<Capsule intent="warning">

> If one or more settings have an error, Meilisearch will not return any results. In case of multiple errors, the error message will only address the first erroneous setting.

Reviewer: Where is this change coming from? It does not seem to be related to the issue.

Author: It's not. But you get the same behavior here, so I thought we should update this as well

Reviewer: Ah, well there are no "results" when updating settings so the first sentence should be changed or removed.

> If one or more settings are badly formatted or cause an error, Meilisearch will throw an error. In case of multiple errors in the settings, the error message will only address the first erroneous setting.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If Meilisearch encounters an error when updating any of the settings in a request, it immediately interrupts the process and returns an error message. All settings contained in a request to the update multiple settings endpoint must be valid, or the whole request fails.
```

> If Meilisearch encounters an error when updating any of the settings in a request, it immediately stops processing the request and returns an error message. In this case, the database settings remain unchanged. If a request contains multiple issues, the returned message only addresses the first error. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If Meilisearch encounters an error when updating any of the settings in a request, it immediately stops processing the request and returns an error message. In this case, the database settings remain unchanged. The returned error message will only address the first error encountered.
```
